hello everybody it is white boy here
grinning and you bring her door though
the air fuck that off I fucked up with
my intro that's not a good way to start
this but we will be playing some sticks
and stones high-roller wager man to
action this is for all the marbles
uh-huh man that's not I'm not starting
this off good but you guys seem to enjoy
the last commentary live session let's
stir it again why not it's pretty fun I
saved up I stayed for a few years what
am i doing I am out of the money I'm out
of the zone amount of time up man okay
here we go
man I ain't doing too well guys it's not
a good way to start off what am i doing
I'm not that bad and like this bad I
can't be this bad hold on Mike hold on
let me put on my trihard pants okay
they're on wait hold on the zippers
stuck
it's uncomfortable there are now okay
we're good to go
I saved up for a while to to give back
that part oh my god this is no way to
play bad I was saving up to I was broke
for a while like I just spend my money
on stupid things that I don't need
come on oh I got a kill
holy moly okay that's a start let's
start wow that's a lake that's not me
it's like oh it's legging but I'll blame
it on the leg come on now is there to
stick them humiliated you motherfucker
you cock sir I didn't even i'm already
broke why did you bankrupt me that's
that cool thing sending it my revenge
I'm not okay if I would not get away
nobody's gonna win
f it f it come on I get it I gotta put
on my trihard pants man this is for ten
thousand pad points this is for ten big
ones what the fuck man this connection
is bugging out I don't know what it is
man I'm not this bad I mean I'm bad but
I'm not this horrible maybe I am okay
here we go
mother effort
I will bankrupt the shit out you I like
this little duel disk man this is
malarkey man man man out of I don't like
when he says that I don't even know how
did I even get in the money I was doing
so bad I know he's out the money fix
likert shit they want revenge
they're hungry with a branch I see
tomahawks flying
you gotta be kidding me how did I miss
that are you I've guys I'm a horrible
right oh I got a stick yay yeah in the
money motherfuckers Oh to stick this
stick can we get some stones in this for
this cocksucker go I see a shadow
ha ha ha cocksucker
ha ha ha ha oh yeah oh yeah where are
you going you might have a timeout let
me okay I rather have that than a
tomahawk hey second place wooden sticks
and stones it doesn't really matter you
could be in second place the whole time
and then lose and it's hectic that's why
I like it it's not action yeah good
choice Howard oh oh oh
the tables have turned the tables have
turned
indeed I'll get killed I'll get killed
by that I didn't like that situation oh
no oh no oh no oh no ha ha fucker
all righty you got some bike fuck you
yeah you really did you what are you
gonna do what are you gonna do you're
gonna do shit cuz I'm a red like a
little biatch and no one's gonna kill me
cuz I've a little beyond sir
I can still lose I mean I can't I'm
still getting anybody fuck this fuck
everything this is my car boys you gotta
fucking kill me ha ha go to dog started
dog got it dog yes
no no what I thought it was at first
what happened what happened I got
Cowboys where I thought I was at first
no no
well I planned in it backfire but and
then it work - let's pull potential
okay guys that was that was the first
video I will be ending it and then
starting anew oh look at me twenty five
dollars at a point okay I'm starting
part two